Mr. Worf, you do remember how to fire phasers?
Earl Grey tea, watercress sandwiches... and Bularian canapés? Are you up for promotion?
In all trust, there is the possibility for betrayal.
We know you're dealing in stolen ore. But I wanna talk about the assassination attempt on Lieutenant Worf.
But the probability of making a six is no greater than that of rolling a seven.
Not if I weaken first.
The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat, fourteen kiloquad interface modules.
Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing?
Mr. Worf, you do remember how to fire phasers?
Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data?
I recommend you don't fire until you're within 40,000 kilometers.
Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself.
We have a saboteur aboard.
And blowing into maximum warp speed, you appeared for an instant to be in two places at once.
Travel time to the nearest starbase?
Besides, you look good in a dress.
Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing?
Shields up! Rrrrred alert!
Now we know what they mean by 'advanced' tactical training.
We could cause a diplomatic crisis. Take the ship into the Neutral Zone
Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp.
The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me.
Travel time to the nearest starbase?
Ensign Babyface!
Yesterday I did not know how to eat gagh.
Computer, lights up!
You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data.
Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly!
How long can two people talk about nothing?
Sorry, Data.
Fate protects fools, little children and ships named Enterprise.
Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself.
Your head is not an artifact!
Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns.
Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy.
Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody.
Damage report!
You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice.
For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others.
Sure. You'd be surprised how far a hug goes with Geordi, or Worf.
We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone.
I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir.
About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked.
Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on the ship lately?
I'll alert the crew.
When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book?
You bet I'm agitated! I may be surrounded by insanity, but I am not insane.
They were just sucked into space.
Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'?
A lot of things can change in twelve years, Admiral.
Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister.
Travel time to the nearest starbase?
Congratulations - you just destroyed the Enterprise.
My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant?
I've had twelve years to think about it. And if I had it to do over again, I would have grabbed the phaser and pointed it at you instead of them.
You enjoyed that.
Your shields were failing, sir.
This should be interesting.
That might've been one of the shortest assignments in the history of Starfleet.
Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data?
Now, how the hell do we defeat an enemy that knows us better than we know ourselves?
In all trust, there is the possibility for betrayal.
Wouldn't that bring about chaos?
What? We're not at all alike!
I think you've let your personal feelings cloud your judgement.
I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet.
Worf, It's better than music. It's jazz.
I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data.
Then maybe you should consider this: if anything happens to them, Starfleet is going to want a full investigation.
Well, that's certainly good to know.
This is not about revenge. This is about justice.
Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise.
and attack the Romulans.
This is the Enterprise. Return our personnel or face immediate reprisal.
Who's your commanding officer?
If we don't get our command computers back on-line soon, this -- whatever this is -- won't matter. We'll all be dead.
Talk about going nowhere fast.
Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody.
I'll be sure to note that in my log.
Damage report!
Flair is what marks the difference between artistry and mere competence.
The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat, fourteen kiloquad interface modules.
I am your worst nightmare!
